date: 25 Oct 2015
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: |
      <div title="Page 1">			<div>				<div>					<div>						<blockquote>1 Thessalonians 5:18 In every thing give thanks: for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you.</blockquote>						<p>We are quickly approaching the end of our first year in Thailand! Some days it seems like we have lived here a lifetime, but other days we feel like we just stepped off the plane. Either way, we rejoice in being able to serve our King!</p>						<p>Teaching English has been a wonderful experience, and we are grateful for this opportunity. Bro. Ricky and Mrs. Tammy Salmon were offered a building if they would use it for the Lord’s work, and they, of course, said yes! The goal is a church, and teaching English is step one. So far, the students have been quite varied! From taxi drivers to a female buddhist monk, we have been able to meet so many people. Initially, there were no plans to teach a children's English class, but this was mainly due to space and available teachers. However, when kids showed up wanting to learn, our kids jumped up and asked to teach them. The next Monday, there were eight kids waiting! This has been an opportunity for our kids to feel involved, but also to learn how to stick to something. It is not easy to teach English, and they wear out after about 10 minutes of teaching, so they are learning to “tag team” and get creative. For now, Rachael does a lot of the teaching with them, but the goal is to gradually hand over the children’s class to our kids. The most exciting part of teaching English, though, is teaching the Bible lesson. They have learned all the days of Creation and they even remember what happened on each day.</p>						<p>God answered many of our prayers this past month, Praise His Name!</p>						<p>-House hunting started and ended in the same month! We have found a house that meets just about everything we have prayed for God to provide. Living in a condo has been fun and we really enjoy it, but we are also excited to be moving in to a neighborhood. Our current lease ends around Christmas Day, but we will be moving mid-December. The kids are excited about owning bikes again for the first time in 4 years!</p>						<p>-We received a full 90 day stamp on our visa, which is a huge blessing. Now, we can get our new visas in January, instead of having to make a trip and move into a new home during December. Thank you so much for your prayers for our visa. This visa run was also the easiest and quickest of all our trips.</p>						<p>-Ahmet had his first scooter accident! God's protection was evident. Except for a sore foot that is just now getting back to normal, he is fine. The scooter had to go to the repair shop for a few days, but is now back in commission. We are thankful!</p>						<p>-We earnestly covet your prayers for Ahmet's upcoming exam. The Grade 6 Competency Test is scheduled for November 28th from 0900-1630 (the night of November 27th for you) and we would appreciate prayers for this test and Ahmet. He must pass this in order to continue the process of acquiring a missionary work permit.</p>						<p>Thank you for your faithful prayers!&nbsp;</p>					</div>				</div>			</div></div>
title: October 2015
id: 44b23e10-f3fe-4aaa-a61b-f1b152cf6343
