date: 30 Aug 2015
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<div title="Page 1"> 			<div> 				 				<div> 					<div> 						<p>Dear Praying Friends, August 2015 </p>						<p>Psalm 62:8 “Trust in him at all times; ye people, pour out your heart before Him: God is a refuge for us.” </p>						<p>It is incredibly comforting to know that the God we love and serve is always with us. We are never forsaken, and we can call out to Him at anytime. He is our protector and comforter, as well as our Saviour. What a precious gift He is to us! </p>						<p>August started with the Nguyen family from Texas coming to explore Thailand and see if this is where the Lord would let them serve Him. They have since been led elsewhere, but we are so grateful to have had the opportunity to make new friends. Their two little boys were a joy to have around and we have certainly missed all the extra fun that comes with little ones being in the home! </p>						<p>We made our third visa run the second week of August. Thailand is under military rule right now, and just like any “good” military leader would do, they are making new rules, and enforcing old ones, that support their agenda. Most likely, the focus of these rules is meant for Muslims, not Christians, but we are feeling the impact of them. For us, this means we will not be able to get a ministry worker visa this year as we had hoped. Of course, we do not like this, but in the grand scheme of things, it is not a big deal...yet. </p>						<p>On August 17th, a bomb exploded at a famous shrine near us in Central Bangkok. The first thing I (Rachael) did was tell the kids and pray with them for all those injured and the families of those killed. We cried together as we thought of people kneeling before the idol one second, and standing before God in the next. It broke our hearts. </p>						<p>At the time it happened, Ahmet and Bro. Nguyen were on the Skytrain heading to meet with a missionary visiting from South Africa. After seeing the report, and putting into GoogleMaps Ahmet’s location, I realized they might have been right over the shrine when the bomb went off. This definitely caused my heart to skip a beat, but I was certain God was with Ahmet no matter what. However, I really wanted Ahmet to answer my calls! In total, it was about 40 minutes before I knew he was okay, but only about 30 minutes from the time I knew he was near the bomb site. When he finally called, he told me he had heard and felt it, but his mind did not register bomb. Both guys thought maybe it was a transformer blowing, or thunder from the lighting in the area. </p>						<p>As scary as those minutes were, our biggest concern was (and is) for all those here who do not know Christ. We have confidence and hope in God, and do not doubt that He will do what is best; but the majority of people here have no true hope, and most certainly, no confidence in Christ. This is why we are here, why we study the language, pray for visa issues, strive to build some kind of relationship with people we cannot yet carry on a full conversation with, continue to work when it is hard, why we pray for you, and why we covet your prayers for us and the Thai people. Thank you so much for your faithfulness to lift us, and them, before the Throne of Grace. </p>					</div> 				</div> 				 				 				 				<div> 					<div> 						<p>Your Fellow Laborers The Hernandez Family&nbsp;</p>					</div> 				</div> 			</div></div>'
title: August 2015
id: 614ccfb6-8b4e-427a-8642-d8b3be3c32db
