date: 29 Nov 2015
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<div title="Page 1"> 			<div> 				<div> 					<div> 						<p>Merry Christmas! Thanksgiving is finished and the Christmas season in full swing; at least in America. Over here, people are getting ready for the King’s birthday on December 5th. He will be 88 years old this year (the oldest reigning king in the world!). The king is greatly loved, respected, and revered by the Thai people, so this is a big holiday. </p>						<p>Bangkok does not entirely ignore Christmas, but there is nothing about Christ in their celebrations. There is a Tiffany decorated Christmas tree outside one of the malls. Inside of another one, there are ads telling people to give themselves whatever they want this year; after all, they deserve it, right? If we let it, it would be discouraging to us, but instead, we use it to compel us to work harder on the language so we can share the true reason for Christmas. </p>						<p>Ahmet was not able to take the Thai Language Proficiency Test on November 28th. The paperwork never finished processing. At this time, all we know is this will cause an even longer delay in getting a religious workers visa. However, there are other visas we can get that allow us to stay in here. </p>						<p>English classes are going very well. The number of students is increasing, and on December 16th, the center will be open most days of the week. For December, the kid’s class will learn about the birth of Christ. When Rachael asked them about Christmas, not even one child had heard of Jesus (except in our Bible lessons) but they were all excited to have time off from school. Please pray for them and us, as we teach them about Christ and the gift of salvation. </p>						<p>December 11th will be our 1 year anniversary in Thailand! The year has passed very quickly, and we are excited to see what the Lord will do during our next year here. Thank you for your faithful prayers and support of our family this first year! </p>						<p>Your Fellow Laborers, The Hernandez Family </p>						<p>P.S. We will be moving to a different house in the middle of December, so our address will be changing soon. We will let everyone know the new address as soon as possible!&nbsp;</p>					</div> 				</div> 				 			</div></div>'
title: November 2015
id: 609a5fc0-83fe-4904-aa41-f09f8a22d2f7
