date: 27 Sep 2015
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: |
      <div title="Page 1"> 			<div> 				<div> 					<div> 						<p>Charles Spurgeon said , “Our anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows, but only empties today of its strengths.” </p>						<p>One thing I always need to be careful of is not allowing things to worry me. The next few months we will be very busy with many big things happening, but I plan on taking things, with God’s grace, one day at a time. </p>						<p>I am also asking for extra prayer for us over these next few months for some things that are near and dear to my heart. </p>						<p>-Starting the first week in October, we will begin teaching English at a student center next to Assumption University. We will teach English for an hour and then do a Bible study for half an hour. It is an awesome opportunity to get to know some young people and share the Gospel with them! Pray for souls to be saved and lives to be changed! </p>						<p>-Pray for continued progress in the language. I feel like the past few weeks have really been tremendous as far as speaking and understanding the language. I still have a long way to go, but it is encouraging to be moving forward! </p>						<p>-In November, the Thai government gives the Grade 6 Thai Competency Test. It is for foreigners wanting to test their fluency in Thai. I didn't realize how fluent 6th graders are in a language until I started studying for this test! Passing the speaking and understanding portions of this test is a new requirement for a missionary worker visa. I do not know whether or not I will pass, but will I give it my best shot! Prayers for me on November 28th from 9:00 am - 4:30 pm are much appreciated. </p>						<p>-It might seem like I am taking the test early in my language studies, but the missionary visa requirements have changed since we arrived last year. At this point, I had planned to already have (or be close to having) a missionary visa. This is not the case, and our student visa expires in December. We have some different avenues that we can try, but none of them are long term for living in Thailand. Please pray for God’s wisdom in this matter. </p>						<p>-Our lease is up in December, and we will be looking for a new place to live. We do not have a car, so living near a mass transit station is a must! </p>						<p>-Finally, please pray for little Rachel’s asthma. The past few weeks it has gotten worse, and we are not sure why. This has led to some long days and nights for her. Please pray for healing, as well as finding out what is triggering the asthma. </p>						<p>Thank you for your faithful prayers!&nbsp;</p>					</div> 				</div> 			</div></div>
title: September 2015
id: c8c901ff-12d3-41fd-9b8f-45f17c9a5365
