date: 27 Dec 2015
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<div title="Page 1">			<div>				<div>					<div>						<p>Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!</p>						<p>This was not our first Christmas in Thailand, but it felt like it to us. Last year, we were so busy recovering from jet lag, settling in, and being overwhelmed with the excitement of our new home, that Christmas flew by with little notice from us. So, this year, we put the focus back on the birth of Christ, decorated, started (and ended) some new traditions, and kept some old ones. We even skipped school on Christmas Day!</p>						<p>Another exciting event this month was celebrating the completion of our first year in Thailand. We have had many wonderful adventures, grown closer to each other, and come to lean on God more than we ever have before now. No, not everyday has been a “good” day, but they far outnumber the “bad,” and the “bad” have been some of the days we have grown the most. Thank you so much for your prayers for our family over the past year. As we move in to our second year here, we expect God to continue to work and we are excited to see what He does.</p>						<p>We have added a new member to our family! Her name is Ellie, and she is a Toyota Innova—we call it a mini-mini van. This was a big decision, because a car is not an everyday need for us. Yet, with church, and the English classes we get to teach, being a good distance away from our home, we knew a car would be a big help. Little Rachel has gotten too tall to sit in Rachael’s lap in taxis, and often, taxis do not want to take us those long distances—unless we promise good tips. Actually, they are not long distances, but when you add in traffic, they seem like long distances, and taxi drivers like to stick to a certain area. We are thankful to have a car, and have no doubt, she (it) will be a blessing!</p>						<p>In January, we will be able to move into our new home for the next two years. We will have a week to settle in, and then we leave for Laos to get our visa extension. We are also hoping to begin the process to acquire a long term work permit for Thailand. This will not be a missionary visa, but a better option that my current student visa. Hopefully next year, we will be able to get the missionary visa. Also our friends, the Bassham’s, are returning from furlough in January.</p>						<p>We are looking forward to, and expecting big things, from God in 2016:</p>						<p>-Sharing the Gospel and teaching English at the Friendship Student Bridge Language Center -Assisting with a church plant in Bangkok<br>-Begin preaching and teaching in Thai</p>						<p>Thank you for your continued faithful prayers and support! Your Fellow Laborers&nbsp;</p>					</div>				</div>				 			</div></div>'
title: December 2015
id: d4056b83-a366-4837-b6b2-6476214cfc8c
