date: 22 Feb 2015
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: |
      <div title="Page 1">			<div>				 				<div>					<div>						<p>Dear Fellow Laborers February 2015 Time feels like it is flying by! We have been in Thailand for almost 3 months now, but it sure doesn't feel like that long!</p>						<p><b>Language</b> - Everyone is making progress on the language. We are now forming simple sentences with the limited vocabulary we have. (Having broken conversations with taxi drivers is quite fun!) Some days we come home from school encouraged and excited! Some days we come home discouraged and deflated. This is a long term process, and God’s grace will be a requirement for us to learn well and quickly!</p>						<p><b>Culture</b> - We are still getting acclimated with the new culture we find ourselves in. There are many things that just do not make sense to us. Pray that the culture shock we are feeling would not make us judgmental of things we do not understand. Trying to “fit in” really brings a verse I often quoted on deputation to mind:<br>1 Corinthians 9:22-23<br>I am made all things to all men, that I might by all means save some. And this I do for the gospel's sake, that I might be partaker thereof with <a href="http://you.As"><span data-auto-link="true" data-href="http://you.As">you.<br>As</span></a> Christians, we have a greater purpose than minding our worldly comforts. What we are doing as a family is for the Gospel’s sake. This brings glory to God, which is why we are here!</p>						<p><b>February</b> - One of the highlights of February was attending Grace Baptist Church, pastored by Ronaldo Gutlay. This was my first time preaching, and teaching Sunday School, since we have been in Thailand. To say I missed preaching and teaching would be an understatement!</p>						<p>We received great news from Pastor Gutlay’s church. Independent Baptist Missions for Asians (IBMA), which is part of Grace Baptist Church, will sponsor our ministry work permit in Thailand! This is exciting news, since it allows us to move from a student visa to a visa that can be used for the ministry here.</p>						<p>We also celebrated out 13th wedding anniversary this month. It is an amazing thing to see how far God has brought us in our marriage. The growth we have seen in our family can only be attributed to God!</p>						<p><b>March</b> - Speaking of visas, March will be our first quarterly check in with immigration. This should not be an issue, but I would appreciate your prayers that this would go smoothly!</p>						<p>Thank you again for your faithful prayers and financial support! Your Fellow Laborers<br> </p>					</div>				</div>			</div></div>
prayer_requests:
  - Opportunities to share the Gospel
  - Progress in learning the language
  - Acclamation to Thai culture and food
  - Work Permit Visa process would go quickly
title: February 2015
id: 0ffd0b9e-d0d2-4e3f-97cd-18b97cd19f8c
