date: 28 Aug 2016
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<div title="Page 1">			<div>				<div>					<div>						<p>I know it sounds impossible, but the second month of Hua Mak Baptist Church was more exciting for me than the first! God is doing some awesome things already and we are excited about the future. Some of the blessings I want to share are:</p>					</div>				</div>				 				<div>					<div>						<p><br></p>					</div>					<div>						<p>Wednesday night discipleship/Bible study - I am teaching this in Thai and so far it is great. It is a good challenge for me to prepare a lesson plan. It is a greater challenge when they ask me questions I have not prepared for! We already have a core group of 4 young men coming to this.</p>						<p>Taking responsibility - We have 5 young men that are looking for ways to serve. One of the blessings of our community night was that they started sweeping, mopping, scrubbing toilets, washing dishes, etc. without me asking them. Three of these young men have also already brought visitors to church. It is awesome to see God building a servants heart in each of them.</p>						<p>Planned baptism service next month - The first 2 young men saved want to be baptized so we plan on having our first in August.</p>						<p>Community night - We hold monthly events to get to know people who are not yet comfortable coming to a church service or learning English. We made 6 new contacts through this.</p>						<p>Building - Currently we have our building rent free until October. However, the owner is considering selling the building. We are not sure what will happen in this situation, but please pray for wisdom and provision from God.</p><p><br></p>					</div>				</div>				<div>					<div>						<p>Also this month we were able to have our non-profit visa renewed for 6 months. This means we are good until January 2017. The ultimate goal is to receive a missionary visa, but I need to pass the Thai government language exam this November for this to proceed. Please pray as I prepare for this test.</p>						<p>My wife and kids are spending a few weeks in America this month to tend to some different things. Pray for their safety as they take care of errands and visit many friends and family!</p><p><br></p>					</div>				</div>				<div>					<div>						<p>Thank you for your faithful prayers and support!&nbsp;</p>					</div>				</div>			</div></div>'
title: August 2016
id: 0d79e9be-267f-4bc2-b391-d87ca6f520e1
