date: 31 Jan 2016
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: |
      <div title="Page 1"> 			<div> 				<div> 					<div> 						<p>January has been a great start to our new year! God has done much in our lives this past month, and we are excited to share with you how He has worked. </p>						<p>First would be concerning our visa. The option of getting our education visa was suddenly taken off the table, and we were quite certain we would have to return to the States in order to get a new one. Obviously, this was not a good option financially or time wise; especially since our plane tickets and hotel for Laos were already purchased. However, the Salmon family was able to step in and help us through their foundation. As we write this, we are currently in Laos and thankful holders of a visa for 3 months. The next step is to finish paperwork for a work permit. </p>						<p>Another help from the Lord this month was in moving. Plans for moving in December did not work out, which was actually a blessing because of school and our visa run this month. Ahmet was able to take two weeks off of school while we packed up and moved. This was, by far, our most trying move. Things in the house broke right away, all our organized packing seemed to be disorganized as soon as things were unpacked, deliveries were late, Rachael (Mom) fell down the stairs, and purchased furniture was lost by the company. Thankfully, though, the Lord has given us a great owner, and she promptly set about fixing what was broken. In addition, Rachael was able to share with her about Christ. None of Rachael's toes were broken, but three were sprained. One still does not move quite right, and looks bent a little funny, but healing does take time. A huge blessing is that the girls made a friend right away. </p>						<p>English classes have really grown. On Monday night, there were 17 students (not including children.) We were in Laos, but we are really looking forward to being back next Monday night. Last Tuesday, we had 9 students. Rachael has been teaching the children's Bible lesson in Thai for the last three weeks. For the most part, she reads the story in Thai, and then asks questions from the story. One neat thing from this is she has discovered one of her newer students is familiar with the Bible. Narasiya has been a huge help in correcting Rachel's Thai, and helping to explain the question or story more clearly than Rachael is able. In addition, little Rachel has made a friend in English class, Pancake. This has been a big encouragement to Rachel (and us) because now the other kids are opening up more to our kids. Kickball has become a popular game before and after class! </p>						<p>In February, the girls will start attending language school with us. It has been a great help for AJ, and we believe this will help the girls as well. Also, please pray as I start meeting with Mamed, an agnostic muslim. He wants to know more about the Bible. Please pray that his heart would be open and ready to receive the Gospel! </p>						<p>Thank you for your continued faithful prayers and support! Your Fellow Laborers<br> The Hernandez Family&nbsp;</p>					</div> 				</div> 			</div></div>
prayer_requests:
  - Sarah and Rachael starting language school with us
  - Assisting church plants in Bangkok
  - Mamed to be open to the Gospel
title: January 2016
id: 0dd9914e-efc5-4ed0-9fc8-824e06e49683
