date: 29 May 2016
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<div title="Page 1">			<div>				<div>					<div>						<p>April showers bring May flowers-but not here in Thailand! The news says this has been the hottest April inThailand for 65 years, and we have no doubt they are correct. With much of the country being in a state of drought, the heat has seemed even more intense. Please pray for Thailand’s weather and the impact it has on its economy. A drought means no rice farming, and without the ability to plant rice, many people will suffer financially.</p></div><div>						<p>Visa Update</p>						<p>We were able to extend our visa for one more month. The plan is at the end of next month, we should receive our one-year visa, and then this becomes a yearly process, with online check-ins every three months. We were not too surprised by the one month extension, but we were surprised at having to re-do all our paperwork. It seems the rules are always changing, and we never know which ones apply!</p>						<p><h3>English-Bible Camp</h3>The camp was a lot of fun! We had a total of 23 students come, and many</p>						<p>of them were new students. The camp was for 3 days, and with a special ceremony on Thursday night. The kids sang songs and said sentences they had learned. They also quoted Genesis 1:1 in Thai. There were only two parents that came, but they were as sweet as can be! Through the camp, we saw God grow our connections in the community, and have noticed an increase in interest in the student center and the church.</p>						<p><h3>Hua Mak Baptist Church</h3>The first service is our most exciting up-coming event! During May we will</p>						<p>get the basics for the kitchen set up, find English Bibles, order hymnals, do some extra cleaning, and hand out as many flyers as possible! Our camp students handed out a bunch last week, and we were quite thankful for the help!</p>						<p>With much prayer, we have decided to have separate English and Thai services. Where the church is located is a very international area (because of the college) and offering two services will allow us to minister to both groups. An interesting twist to the location is that the college is a Catholic college, and there are many nuns who live around the church. Therefore, the Thai people in the area have no idea what a true Christian church looks like, or what the real Gospel is, and we are thrilled to be able to tell them!&nbsp;</p>					</div>				</div>			</div></div>'
prayer_requests:
  - First service to launch on June 5th!
  - Continued progress in our language studies
title: May 2016
id: 94012407-3197-4324-90c0-35863d436adf
