date: 31 Jul 2016
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: |
      <p>Dear Praying Friends and Family				June 2016</p><p>We have just survived two of the hottest months of our lives! And that is saying something considering all the hot climates we have lived in: Florida, South Caroline, Guam, Louisiana, and Texas. Thankfully, rainy season has finally arrived and we are praying this rainy season will bring more rain than last year. Thailand is in a state of drought and desperately need the rain for their crops.</p><p>May was a wonderful month filled with with lots of "to-do's" and even some relaxation. One of the most exciting events was a Missionary Kids Camp held in Hua Hin, Thailand. Every MK seemed to have a great time, and all of the adults enjoyed the fellowship. Each of the messages were geared towards kids; specifically missionary kids-and they were not easy messages to hear! These were not your typical Sunday School lessons, because these sweet missionary kids are not your average Sunday School students. They were challenged in obedience, personal faith, and taking up their role in the intense spiritual warfare going on around them in their daily lives. Through the messages and the fellowship with other MK's they were encouraged to not let Satan win by distracting them or taking them out of the battle. Rachel called it a "revival for kids." For Rachael and I, it was a blessing to see our kids be able to relax and have fun with other children. They work so hard, and make a point to minister to everyone around them, but at the camp, they were able to be ministered to, and it really blessed our hearts. They came home with an even more willing spirit and renewed energy for doing what God has called us to do.</p><p><b>June 5th was the very first service of Hua Mak Baptist Church! </b>So much planning and prayer have gone into this work of God, and we are so excited and thankful to be a part. Thankfully, the Hall family had done much to set the building up before they returned to America, so our biggest jobs were setting up the kitchen and getting out flyers and invitations. For our English service, we had 6 Thai kids and a gentleman from Fiji. The children stayed for the Thai service, and we all enjoyed a lunch of sweet and sour vegetables. <b><i>We prayed specifically for 5 guests in each service, and even though God answered in a different way then we envisioned, He did answer. </i></b>Thank you so much for praying for us and the church. We received many calls, texts, and messages, and we cannot express just how much they meant to us! We are becoming more known in the neighborhood-especially now that we are joining in on basketball games-but we want the name of Christ to lifted and glorified, not ours.</p><p>							Your Fellow Laborers,</p><p>The Hernandez Family</p>
prayer_requests:
  - Services at Hua Mak
  - Continued progress in language studies
  - Increased financial support
title: June 2016
id: c939bd88-67d2-49df-9f9e-b3ba4d001187
