date: 21 Sep 2016
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<div title="Page 1">			<div>				<div>					<div>						<p>Dear Co-laborers in Christ and Praying Friends, Mid-September 2016</p>						<p>I am too excited to wait for our monthly prayer letter, so I am sending out a mid-month update!</p>						<p><b>Update on our outreaches</b> - We now have Thai classes and English classes, allowing us to reach even more of the people around us. In addition, we have started an English Bible study for the advanced English speakers. Every week we have new students, and we have outgrown our space! Each class is an opportunity to not only help the students, but to spend time teaching God’s Word as well.</p>						<p>We are working on a special outreach at a local elementary school, which we hope to do within the next couple of months. We are also working on starting a club at</p>						<p>Ramkhamhaeng University and/or Assumption University. Please pray as we look for more opportunities to preach the Word of God!</p>						<p><b>Update on the church</b> - There is another baptism scheduled for this Sunday (9/18), and we are seeing more first time guests in our Thai service as well as our Wednesday evening Bible study. We also have our first church wide organized outreach scheduled this Saturday (9/17) to hand out invitations and tracts.</p>						<p><b>Update on our building</b> - The owner has graciously agreed to allow us to use it for another year. God’s work is growing, slowly and surely, and we are excited about this opportunity.</p>						<p>Currently, only the first floor and one classroom on the second floor are usable. There is another classroom on the second floor, and on the third floor, there are more rooms. First, though, each room needs a fair amount of work. They were stripped by the previous users, so we need to paint and clear each room, replace some windows, and</p>						<p>add light fixtures, fans, and air-conditioning units. In total, this will cost between 6,000 to 7,000 dollars. We will work on these things as funds become available.</p>						<p>Our goal is to have everything done by November 15th of this year, since Christmas</p>						<p>time is going to be a busy time of outreach for us. If any churches would like to help with expenses, you can give through our sending church. If you would like to come over and help with the physical labor, please call me for more details. Or, if the Lord is leading you to come serve Him full-time in Thailand, let us know!</p>						<p>Thank you again for your faithful support and prayers! Ahmet Hernandez<br> </p>					</div>				</div>			</div></div>'
prayer_requests:
  - Outreaches
  - Our people to grow in grace and truth
  - New visitors
  - Funds for building
title: Mid-September 2016
id: 9ac48c61-8543-433f-a253-ea751fb772ec
