date: 25 Jul 2016
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<div title="Page 1">			<div>				<div>					<div>						<p>Dear Praying Friends and Family June 2016</p>						<p>Matthew 4:16 “The people which sat in darkness saw great light; and to them which sat in the region and shadow of death light is sprung up.”</p>						<p>This verse is framed and sits in the office at Hua Mak Baptist Church as a reminder to us of what Christ has given us the opportunity do here in Thailand. Whether we are teaching English, grocery shopping, or holding a church service, our job and privilege is to tell people about Jesus, and to show the love of Christ to all those we meet.</p>						<p>The first month of services at Huamak have been more than we knew to expect. We have not had many visitors, but two young men have been saved and we are all rejoicing over the work God is doing to build His church! Rob has been coming to English classes for at least 6 months, and over the past two months has been asking questions about God and Jesus. On Sunday, June 26th, he accepted Christ as his Savior! On July 3, another young man, Terng, accepted Christ.</p>						<p>From the time we knew we were going to Thailand, we have prayed for God to prepare hearts, and we have seen Him answer that prayer in these two young men. Terng had already read through his Bible before we met him, and Rob told us he has “been looking for Jesus.” It really does not get more exciting! Praise the Lord for our co-laborers Jong and Dusty. They have such a fervent and passionate love for Christ! They have helped us so much when we just do not know the correct words in Thai, and they are both bold witnesses for Christ.</p>						<p>We have more exciting news! Rachael and the kids will be going to America at the end of July for a quick 3 week trip. Rachael was going to make the trip by herself, but someone has generously paid for the kids to go as well. They are all so very excited!</p>						<p>Thank you for your prayer and financial support. Truly, we are all laboring together, and all that is accomplished is fruit added to your account.</p>						<p>Your Fellow Laborers, The Hernandez Family&nbsp;</p>					</div>				</div>				 			</div></div>'
prayer_requests:
  - Rod and Terng as they grow in grace and truth
  - Increased financial support
  - Services at Hua Mak
title: July 2016
id: 43fad203-6f16-4e88-8cde-7fd69dfa4f1f
