date: 27 Mar 2016
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: |
      <div title="Page 1">			<div>				<div>					<div>						<blockquote>1 Thessalonians 2:13 “For this cause also thank we God without ceasing, because, when ye received the word of God which ye heard of us, ye received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God, which effectually worketh also in you that believe.”</blockquote>						<p>Everyday we hand out tracts, take opportunities to talk about Jesus, and if given the chance, we give the Gospel. Yet, we are painfully aware that often our words are seen as just — words. We know the Gospel is the power of God unto salvation, so they really are not just words, and we are confident God is working in the hearts of people we meet. But sometimes, the look in their eyes tells us they do no understand. That “look” has pushed us to rely more and more on God, and allowed us to see that it is the work of the Holy Spirit, and the power of the prayers of God’s people, that opens hearts to receive the Gospel-not as words of men, but as the Word of God.</p>						<p>We apologize for the delay in getting this letter out to you. There have been many changes happening, and we decided to wait to send this once we had a clearer picture of what our near future will look like.</p>						<p>But first, a quick summary of February!</p>						<p>February was a great month, even if it was filled with several trips to the doctor. Ahmet was sick, Aj broke his finger, and Little Rachel scraped her knee up quite badly when she fell off her bike. Everyone is healed now, and doing much better! We also celebrated 14 years of marriage in February. Granted, half the day was spent at doctor appointments, and the other half was spent at school, but we did sneak in a yummy Mexican lunch!</p>						<p>The girls enjoyed their first month of going to language school every day, but it really hurt their regular school. Therefore, they will not be going back until the regular school year is finished. However, we did find a tutor who will come to our house to teach Rachael and the kids.</p>						<p>Our friends, the Bassham’s, were able to rent a building to start a church plant this coming summer. We are excited for them, and excited about getting to help out in any way possible. For now, we are teaching English with them, and getting information out to the neighborhood.</p>						<h3>What’s coming up:</h3>						<p>Near the end of deputation, our pastor said missions is more about God working and letting us in on the action, than it is about us going to do a work for God. We have kept that tucked into our heart, and often prayed together asking the Lord to just plug us in wherever He was already working. God has been faithful to provide many ways to serve, and we are excited about this newest opportunity.</p>						<p>About 6 months ago, Brother Ricky Salmon was given a building near the ABAC college campus by a Christian who wanted it to be used for the Lord. This is where we currently teach English classes- we teach English for an hour and the Bible for 30 minutes. However, God has led Ricky and I to begin church services there as well. After counseling with my pastor, we have decided to start church services in June! This is not a decision we have taken lightly, because we know this is a huge time and financial commitment. Learning Thai is still a priority, because I still believe to reach the Thai people, you must speak Thai, and speak it well.</p>						<p>Obviously there are many challenges up ahead, but we are excited and humbled to be used of God in this capacity. A an extra blessing for us is that we get to do this under a veteran missionary. We will be able to draw from his experience and knowledge of the culture and people.</p>						<p>Over the next few months, we will be getting out more flyers to the area, do some work on the building, hold a English Bible club for the kids during their school holiday, and many other things to reach the community. Even though we will be doing things to increase our presence in the community, it is comforting that it isn't me, but Jesus Christ through the Holy Spirt, who will build His church! Please be in prayer for us!</p>						<p>Your Fellow Laborers&nbsp;</p><p>The Hernandez Family&nbsp;</p>					</div>				</div>			</div></div>
prayer_requests:
  - First service to launch on June 5th!
  - Upcoming children’s English club
  - Continued progress in our language studies
title: March/April 2016
id: b84dd427-d958-4de7-87f2-865138286f2b
