date: 25 Dec 2016
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<div title="Page 1">			<div>				<div>					<div>						<h3>Ministry News</h3>						<p>We have moved into our new church building (it is actually two rooms next to each other) and are settled in. Everything is running relatively smoothly. We have adjusted our English schedule and now teach on Thursday and Friday nights, but Bible study will continue on Wednesday nights. We are continually getting calls and messages from new people about wanting to learn English, and we had many new visitors during our Sunday services. Our Bible time is always filled with great questions.</p>						<p>We moved just a short walk from our old building, and we have canvassed the area many times with our information, but people are still just finding out about us. It has been eye opening for us to see how much of a difference your location makes in who you reach.</p>						<p>We look forward to seeing what God has in store for us in this upcoming year. Family News</p>						<p>I had my Thai language proficiency test at the end of this past November. The test went well and we will receive the results sometime early next year. Passing this allows us to continue in the process of receiving a missionary visa.</p>						<p>This month the Ries family (www.thailight.org) stayed with us during their survey trip. It has been a blessing and a privilege to be able to help them out. We are excited for when they come back here permanently!</p>						<p>Also this month, Rachael’s grandfather passed away. He was like a father to her, and it has been tough for her. But throughout this, God’s grace and peace have been evident in her life. I am thankful for the many kind words and prayers my wife has received.</p>						<h3>Announcement</h3>						<p>Our pastor announced on the last night of our home missions conference that he and Mrs. Linda (his wife) will be going back to the mission field, but this time to Armenia. We are excited for them! Their heart for the foreign mission field played a huge role in developing our heart for the field. Please pray for them and our church as they begin the search for a new pastor and as Bro.Tom and Mrs. Linda prepare for going to Armenia.&nbsp;</p>					</div>				</div>			</div></div>'
prayer_requests:
  - Outreaches
  - Our people to grow in grace and truth
  - New visitors
title: December 2016
id: c02a8273-c8b5-4130-b3c4-2bb311671f12
