date: 30 Jul 2017
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<div title="Page 1"> 			<div> 				<div> 					<div> 						<p>We are now over half-way through 2017! Time keeps marching on, and it is our job to be good stewards of the time God gives us. When we use it to follow Him and share the Gospel of Jesus Christ, we can be certain we are not wasting what He provides. He is gracious to give us the gift of serving Him and sharing with others His goodness. Praise the Lord! </p>						<p>Our first modular English term has been great! We have had several new students, as well as our regulars. The 1st term ends July 7th, then after a two-week break, we will start the 2nd term. On the second Saturday between terms, we will teach a special class for the TOIEC test. It tests a non-native English speakers’ ability to understand English. This is important for them if they want to work internationally or go to a college in a foreign country. It is important for us so we can build relationships and share the Gospel. </p>						<p>The church is doing well. Discipleship with new believers is difficult because of their work schedules, but we are finding creative ways to get it done. Whether through Facebook, messaging services like LINE, or right before English class, we try to spend as much time with them as possible to help them grow. </p>						<p>We celebrated our 1 year anniversary in June, and it was a nice day. Missionary Ricky Salmon came to preach and we enjoyed a special meal together afterward. We have one gentleman attending, Gan, who plays the guitar, helps with singing and teaches Sunday School. It has been a blessing to have him here, and we know he would appreciate your prayers for him. </p>						<p>Right at the end of June, our pastor came to visit us! We were thrilled to have him here! He won’t be our pastor for much longer, though, because he is heading back to the mission field. Obviously, we are thrilled and excited for him and Mrs. Linda. Knowing they hope to be on the field by next year, made our time with him extra special. </p>						<p>Thank you again for your faithful support and prayers! </p>						<p>Your Fellow Laborers The Hernandez Family 1 Corinthians 3:9&nbsp;</p>					</div> 				</div> 			</div></div>'
prayer_requests:
  - Second English module starting at the end of this month
  - Salvation for English students
  - Ladies retreat at the end of this month
  - 3-on-3 basketball tournament September 16th-17th
title: July 2017
id: d62e1eac-d752-454a-a843-6748bddbfee0
