date: 26 Feb 2017
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: |
      <div title="Page 1">			<div>				<div>					<div>						<p>This past month, I was listening to one of our faithful young ladies tell her story of putting her faith in Christ. I asked her how her family took it, and she told me “I didn't tell them for two years!” After that, she had a rough relationship with them for some time. One area I have a hard time relating to with my Thai brethren, is the rejection they face when they become Christians. Americans who believe may face some social pressures, but for a Thai to leave Buddhism, means turning their back on one of the three pillars that make up their identity as a Thai: the King, the Nation, and Buddhism.</p>						<p>I tell you this because sometimes it feels like such an uphill battle sharing the gospel in Thailand. It seems to take so long! However, it encourages me that as they listen, they are doing as Jesus said:</p>						<p>For which of you, intending to build a tower, sitteth not down first, and counteth the cost, whether he have sufficient to finish it? (Luke 14:28)</p>						<p>Long periods of questions and contemplation have preceded those that we have seen come to faith here in Thailand. This is why we continue to labor and share the Gospel every opportunity we get!</p>						<p>This month we changed our schedule a little. We have started a group Bible study before services on Sunday. Please pray this would be an effective time to help believers grow in grace and truth.</p>						<p>We also started a Sunday english class for those that might not be able to come on Thursday or Friday night. We have already had three new students join us, and we are excited to see how God might use this.</p>						<p>In January, we were able to renew our visa and work permit for a year. Our papers are now good until January 2018.</p>						<p>Also, along that line of thought, thank you to those who prayed for me about my Thai competency test. I got the results back and I did well enough to proceed with the application process for a missionary visa! We are praising God for this!</p>						<p>Thank you again for all of you who have partnered with us, both prayerfully and financially. We couldn't do this without you!</p>						<p>Your Fellow Laborers The Hernandez Family&nbsp;</p>					</div>				</div>			</div></div>
prayer_requests:
  - New visitors
  - Spiritual growth in the church
  - Missionary visa progress
  - Furlough meetings
title: February 2017
id: 9efcab3b-d44c-43ad-9dac-b8f5e99ec681
