date: 27 Aug 2017
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<div title="Page 1">			<div>				<div>					<div>						<p>One of the joys of serving in Thailand is to see people grow in their relationship with the Lord. Seeing people wanting to serve outside of their comfort zone is such an encouragement to see!</p>						<p>This past month, Gan preached for the first time. He is a young man that I am discipling. Even though it was his first time, he did a great job! Please continue to pray for him as he grows and seeks God.</p>						<p>Another young lady, Gaan, had the opportunity to hand-out flyers and tracts for the first time. This is something we do as a church once a month. Gaan is very personable and has no problem engaging in conversation with complete strangers. She is already excited about the next time we go out this month!</p>						<p>Our first English module ended last month and we have since started Module 2 after a two-week break. We also had a TOEIC Test Preparation class one Saturday this past month. Total, we have had an opportunity to get to know and share the gospel with 20 new students.</p>						<p>The missionary ladies retreat was a wonderful time of building relationships, worshiping God, and having fun! We had a total of 12 ladies from all around Thailand able to come. God answered every prayer request I had for this vision He put on my (Rachael) heart! Ahmet even got a message from one of the husbands asking when a men’s retreat would be!</p>						<p>The basketball tournament is right around the corner! We will start handing out information this month and getting the final plans in place. This outreach will be a great opportunity to reach many with the Gospel of Jesus Christ!</p>						<p>Our furlough is coming up next February. We are excited to be able to visit with family, friends, our home church, and those who pray for us. If you would like to have us visit, please send me a message.</p>						<p>Thank you for your continued prayers and support! Your Fellow Laborers<br>The Hernandez Family&nbsp;</p>					</div>				</div>			</div></div>'
prayer_requests:
  - Services at Hua Mak
  - September 3-on-3 Basketball Tournament
  - English Class Outreach
title: August 2017
id: 713ce226-5af6-4fb4-ad60-8f562032c3a3
