date: 24 Sep 2017
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<div title="Page 1">			<div>				<div>					<div>						<p>We want to update everyone on what is going on with Hua Mak Baptist Church and our upcoming furlough.</p>						<p>For our first term we had two goals. First, we wanted to learn the language and adjust to the culture. As a family, we have made significant progress on this goal.</p>						<p>Our second goal was to be involved in a church or church plant so we could get some first-hand experience working in Thailand. The picture in our mind of how this would play out and look was quite different from what the Lord had planned. Through a friend and long time missionary here, Ricky Salmon, were given the opportunity to be a part of the start of a ministry that lead to the start of Hua Mak Baptist Church. Through this ministry, we have seen God do some amazing things. People have been saved, baptized, and discipled. Hundreds of people have heard the Gospel, and many more have been given the Gospel through a tract.</p>						<p>For our second term, our goal has always been to minister somewhere on the outskirts of Bangkok or in the Issan area. Therefore, since we head back for furlough next February, some decisions had to be made about the church. After talking with my pastor and Brother Ricky, the decision was made to integrate the congregation of Hua Mak Baptist Church with Bangjak Baptist Church (Bro. Ricky’s church.)</p>						<p>We are grateful for the experience and time that we have had here, but we are also looking forward to our next place of ministry in Thailand. Currently, we are praying about the Issan area, as well as Nakorn Pathong, which is on the outskirts of Bangkok.</p>						<p>Just as we have done this entire first term, we are praying for God’s clear direction. Again, we will say “yes” to any opportunity God gives us to serve Him.</p>						<p>Please pray specifically for us over the next few months about a few things: Basketball Tournament<br>Hua Mak Transition<br>Second Term plan</p>						<p>Thank you again for your faithful support and prayers in all that we do. We are grateful and humbled that God would use us here and that we have so many partners in this ministry.</p>						<p>I hope this answers any questions you might have. If not, feel free to contact us.&nbsp;</p>					</div>				</div>			</div></div>'
prayer_requests:
  - Church Transition
  - Remaining English Classes
  - Basketball Tournament
  - Upcoming Furlough Meetings
  - Second Term Location
title: September 2017
id: 03fa2d25-4c61-4353-a9db-a3ede5e2481d
