date: 25 Jun 2017
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<div title="Page 1"> 			<div> 				<div> 					<div> 						<p>One of our most common requests for prayer involves the salvation of our English students. We are so thankful to be able to share with you that Gan, one of our English students, was saved on May 21, 2017. She is a sweet, young lady, and has been asking questions and wanting more information for several months now. It was so thrilling to see how our little group of believers rejoiced over her getting saved! Please pray as we start discipling her. </p>						<p>We start a new English format in June. We will now teach English for 4 weeks and then take 2 weeks off. Our Sunday English classes will continue, though. This will allow us to have a small break between terms, as well as offer special classes during those breaks. I have already had opportunities to go to some of the local universities and schools to share this new format. </p>						<p>Some other events and outreach opportunities we would like prayer for: </p>						<p>1 Year Anniversary - On June 11th we will be celebrating the 1 year anniversary of Hua Mak Baptist Church. </p>						<p>Ladies Retreat - My wife has planned a ladies retreat in Bangkok (July 31st- August 2nd). This is an opportunity for the missionary women over here in SE Asia to get to know one another, encourage each other, and have fellowship. </p>						<p>3-on-3 Basketball Tournament - A gym has been found and we have set the tentative dates of September 15th and 16th. This is an exciting opportunity to reach people we would not normally have the opportunity to reach. </p>						<p>Friend Day - This will be on the Sunday following the tournament. </p>						<p>Bible Bowl - This will be an opportunity for churches in Thailand to get together for a fun and friendly Bible knowledge competition. Most Thai church events are geared towards outreach, so this will be a change for many of us. (It was also Rachel Faith’s idea!) </p>						<p>If you want to know more about any of these upcoming events and how you can be involved, please feel free to contact me. </p>						<p>Thank you again for your faithful support and prayers! </p>						<p>Your Fellow Laborers The Hernandez Family 1 Corinthians 3:9&nbsp;</p>					</div> 				</div> 			</div></div>'
prayer_requests:
  - New English module starting
  - Salvation for English students
  - 1 year anniversary service
  - Ladies retreat
title: June 2017
id: 2a9e058e-3a92-4a1e-a422-f7316fdd2d95
