date: 29 Jan 2017
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<div title="Page 1">			<div>				<div>					<div>						<p>Thank you for praying for us this past December. We had a great Christmas Day service, with our highest attendance of over 25 people.</p>						<p>December was also difficult due to Rachael’s grandfather passing away. He was like a father to her, and being on the other side of the world was hard. However, it was also a time we saw God work in our hearts, especially my wife’s, as He gave an overwhelming sense of peace and assurance during our grief. (Rachael shares how God worked through this on her blog, www.growglowandgo.com)</p>						<p>As December passes and the new year begins, we are looking forward to all that God has in store for us. We have a big plans for this year and we covet your prayers.</p>						<h3>Kids Class</h3>						<p>Rachael and Kung will be starting a Wednesday evening kids class. They will be learning the Bible, English, and play games. A vibrant kids ministry in our area is a great way to reach out in our community.</p>						<p><h3>More Preaching In Thai</h3>We are dropping our Sunday morning English service. I thought this would have been better attended due to a large number of English speakers in our area, but that never happened. So we will be now be doing everything in Thai. I will be preaching in Thai every other week.</p>						<p><h3>Adding A Sunday School</h3>With this new hour freed up, we will be starting a Sunday School hour. Jong and I will alternate teaching this class as well. I am excited about the extra time to answer questions and talk more about the Bible.</p>						<p><h3>Philippino Outreach</h3>Brother Butch will be leading a Sunday evening ministry for the Philippine people in the</p>						<p>area. Butch is from the Philippines and has a desire to reach the many that live in our area. He had his first meeting this past Sunday and had 9 people come.</p>						<p><h3>2018 Furlough</h3>We will be planning for a furlough in 2018. I will not know specific dates until later this year due to our visa situation. However, I would like to get ahead in planning. If you would like us to try to come by to give an update, please email me and let me know when (missions conference, Sunday am/pm, midweek). This will allow me to plan better. We will try to visit as many of you as possible, but we will also need to visit some new churches seeking some new ministry partners.</p>						<p>Thank you again for your faithful support and prayers! Ahmet Hernandez&nbsp;</p>					</div>				</div>			</div></div>'
title: January 2017
id: ef74f717-e789-45ec-ab72-5bfe4c129405
