date: 29 Oct 2017
short_description: Monthly Updates
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<div title="Page 1">			<div>				<div>					<div>						<p>There are only three months left in this year! How is it that time has passed so quickly? Seems like yesterday we were filling out the new calendar, planning all the activities, and thinking furlough was so far away. Now, we have more days crossed off than left, more activities finished than needing to be planned, and furlough is right around the corner!</p>						<p>The basketball tournament was an exciting and fun outreach. We had so much help, and if not for some key people, it might have been a flop and we would have lost any opportunity for a future outreach. There were 90 players, and with those who came to watch the games, we had about 150 people in attendance. The man who gave the Gospel is a Thai Christian named Aek. He is now a lawyer and has an amazing testimony of God’s grace and love in his life. When we return from furlough, we have a goal of expanding the ministry and hosting a basketball camp. Basketball is gaining popularity here in Thailand, but most camps and schools are aimed at the upper class and expats, with no connection to the Gospel.</p>						<p>This past Sunday, Gaan was baptized. Gaan first heard the Gospel through English classes. She carefully listened and questioned for several months, before getting saved. Her faithfulness to church and English has been an encouragement to our family.</p>						<p>Furlough is just about 4 months away. Each one of us is excited about seeing family and friends. As the calendar fills up, we are looking forward to visiting new churches as well as those who have been so faithful to us over these last several years. We truly thank God for you!</p>						<p>Ahmet has an exciting new ministry opportunity starting in November. A local culinary school, whose owner is a Christian, has asked Ahmet to teach English for them twice a week. Some of the students attended English classes at the church. This is not only an opportunity to help a Christian brother, but also to teach these students about Jesus Christ.</p>						<p>Thank you again for your faithful support and prayers!&nbsp;</p>					</div>				</div>			</div></div>'
prayer_requests:
  - Salvation for English students
  - Furlough planning
  - Next steps in ministry
title: October 2017
id: 34239cd4-7be9-41cf-b3aa-cee127968fcd
