date: 26 Mar 2017
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<div title="Page 1">			<div>				<div>					<div>						<h3>Ministry News</h3>						<p>February was a fun month at Hua Mak Baptist Church. We had several new visitors to both English and the church. The “hot topic” for the month was, of course, love, and we had fun hearing about the different ways various cultures celebrate and show love.</p>						<p>One of our goals at Hua Mak Baptist Church is to lay the foundation for ministries Thai Christians can use to reach the community once the missionary is gone. Therefore, we put time and effort into tract outreaches, community game nights, and classes for children. In the church, we emphasize Bible reading and memorizing verses-not just as individuals, but as a family of believers.</p>						<p><h3>The Gospel</h3>Right now, we have a group of students that are faithful to our English classes, and some of them are very interested in the Bible and Christianity. My heart’s desire is for them to come to know Christ. If you remember, please remember our English students in your Thursday and Friday morning prayers (we teach English during those evenings).</p>						<p><h3>Family News</h3>February 23rd, Rachael and I celebrated our 15th wedding anniversary! Our friend, Amie, came and stayed with our kids so we could go away for a few nights by ourselves. God has been so gracious to us, and as we look back on our marriage, we cannot help but see His loving hand guiding us.</p>						<p><h3>Announcement</h3>We do have one special prayer request. Due to some health problems in his family, our Thai friend and translator at the church, Jong, has had to step down from helping. He has been a blessing to the church, and is an eager Bible teacher and mentor. Please pray for Jong and his family. Also, pray for Ahmet, because this means he will be preaching in Thai every Sunday. He teaches the Bible in Thai twice a week already, but there is just something different about preaching.</p>						<p>Thank you again for your faithful support and prayers!</p>						<p>Your Fellow Laborers The Hernandez Family 1 Corinthians 3:9&nbsp;</p>					</div>				</div>			</div></div>'
prayer_requests:
  - Outreaches
  - Our people to grow in grace and truth
  - New visitors
  - Salvation for English students
title: March 2017
id: ec32f622-59a0-4284-b0ea-0e56161a355e
