date: 26 Nov 2017
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<div title="Page 1"> 			<div> 				<div> 					<div> 						<p>Even though November was filled with sickness for our family, our hearts overflow with gratitude for who God is and all He has done. We pray your Thanksgiving celebration is just as full of thankfulness.<br></p>						<p>Ahmet started teaching English at a culinary college this month. Just as when we teach English at church, we teach a Bible lesson after the English lesson. This is another great opportunity to share God’s Word with those who have never heard it. </p>						<p>December 11th will be our three year anniversary of living in Thailand! It seems like just yesterday we stepped off the plane, full of excitement, and fear. We had no idea all God would do during our first term, but as the Bible says, He does “exceeding abundantly above all we could ask or think.” From language learning to ministry opportunities, He has been faithful each step of the way. From the bottom of our hearts, we thank you for your prayers and support of our family and God’s work. </p>						<p>On February 1st of next year, we will be flying back to America for our furlough. We are looking forward to spending time with family, friends, our home church, and many of our supporting churches. Our schedule is almost filled in, but if you would like us to visit you, please let us know. </p>						<p>Our visa renewal is in January, and even though we do not expect any problems, we would appreciate prayers for a smooth process. We would also appreciate prayers as we continue to pray about where we will serve when we come back to Thailand. There is one place we feel God leading us to, and we are excited about the opportunities and potential. </p>						<p>Thank you again for your faithful support and prayers! </p>						<p>Your Fellow Laborers&nbsp;</p><p>The Hernandez Family&nbsp;</p><p>1 Corinthians 3:9&nbsp;</p>					</div> 				</div> 			</div></div>'
prayer_requests:
  - Salvation for English students
  - Furlough planning
  - Next steps in ministry
  - Health
title: November 2017
id: a5a33bce-310d-4789-976c-0e4efe54963a
