date: 23 Mar 2018
featured_image: /assets/img/February-2017-Update-(1).jpg
short_description: |
  We are thankful for the wonderful first term we have completed in Thailand. We
  saw God do awesome things, accomplish many goals, and grow our faith. We are
  excited to be back in America, but we already miss our Thai family and friends.
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<p>Dear Praying Friends and Family&nbsp;</p><p>We are thankful for the wonderful first term we have completed in Thailand. We saw God do awesome things, accomplish many goals, and grow our faith. We are excited to be back in America, but we already miss our Thai family and friends. We are now back in America and starting our furlough ministry. This will be an opportunity for us to report back to many of our partnering churches, as well as visit some new churches to replace lost support during the first term. Your prayers for us are just as important now, as when we were in Thailand, so I would like to share some things that we would like prayers for during the duration of our furlough.</p><p><b>Our Travels</b> - Please pray for safety and the car to run well during the many miles we will be driving. Pray for us to use the opportunities that God gives us to be both a witness and blessing to others.</p><p><b style="font-family: &quot;Noto serif&quot;, serif;">Our Meetings</b> - We want to be an encouragement, blessing, and challenge to all of the churches we visit. Pray that we are sensitive to how God would have us to minister to pastors, their wives, and the churches. Also, pray that we would find like-minded churches that will partner with us to bring the Gospel to Thailand!</p><p><b>Our Health</b> - Between the traveling and meeting so many people, it is easy to be exposed to illnesses. Our youngest, Rachael Faith, is especially susceptible to getting sick. Pray that our health will stay strong for the duration of our time in the US.</p><p><b>Our Homeschooling</b> - Traveling can wreak havoc on a homeschool schedule, so please pray that we are able to keep the kids on track.</p><p><b>Our Ministry</b> - Even now we are praying for the time when we return to Thailand. Pray that God would prepare hearts and opportunities for us to reach the Thai people. <i style="font-family: &quot;Noto serif&quot;, serif;"><u>We are also praying that God would call 4 more families or single people&nbsp;</u></i><i style="font-family: &quot;Noto serif&quot;, serif;"><u>to join us in the work of the Gospel in Thailand.</u></i></p><p>We look forward to seeing many of you in the next few months!</p><p>Your Fellow Laborers</p><p>The Hernandez Family</p><p>Ahmet’s new US number - (225) 301-7217</p>'
prayer_requests:
  - Traveling mercies as we start our travels
  - 4 families committing to come to Thailand
  - New ministry partners
  - Opportunities to serve others during our furlough
title: March 2018 Update
id: 0fc562f4-b20f-4dfa-81e2-0ab2f2c469ef
