date: 01 May 2018
short_description: |
  Greetings to each of you! We have enjoyed these first few months of furlough travel. Granted, we forgot just how taxing traveling can be, but we have quickly fallen into this new rhythm of life. We have had safe travels, been in wonderful services, enjoyed hearing how God has worked in our partnering churches and been blessed to meet many wonderful people.
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: '<p>Dear Praying Friends and Family</p><p>Greetings to each of you! We have enjoyed these first few months of furlough travel. Granted, we forgot just how taxing traveling can be, but we have quickly fallen into this new rhythm of life. We have had safe travels, been in wonderful services, enjoyed hearing how God has worked in our partnering churches and been blessed to meet many wonderful people.</p><p><b>Four-by-Four Request</b></p><p>Have you heard about our Four-by-Four plan? Well, this is the name Ahmet gave to our big furlough prayer request. We are specifically praying for four families and four singles to commit to going to Thailand. What does that look like, though? Our hope is that it means a lifetime commitment to serving God on the foreign mission field, but we do realize it might mean a two-week trip instead. Maybe you want to come host a camp or VBS, or maybe you want to see what it is a missionary does all day. Maybe it means being an intern in Thailand for a year. No matter what God is calling you to do, just say yes!</p><p><b>AJ’s Graduation And Internship</b></p><p>An exciting event taking place in May is AJ’s graduation from high school. We are not sure who is more excited, AJ or mom! Then, on July 26th, AJ will be heading back to Thailand for a 6-month internship. He is planning to save as much money as he can while working this summer, but if you would be able to help him financially, he would be very grateful. You can send a check to our church with AJ’s name in the memo line. He is hoping to gain an additional $500 per month (or $3,000 total for the internship).</p><p>We are enjoying our time in America, and we are doing our best to take advantage of time with family and friends. Thank you so much for your prayers for our family!</p><p>We look forward to seeing many of you in the next few months!</p><p>Your Fellow Laborers</p><p>The Hernandez Family</p>'
prayer_requests:
  - AJ’s Internship
  - 4 families committing to come to Thailand
  - New ministry partners
  - Opportunities to serve others during our furlough
title: April 2018 Update
id: 40aa0780-e3f1-4666-a216-fa5c11a86d0c
