date: 28 Jan 2018
featured_image: /assets/img/update.jpg
short_description: Monthly Update
body:
  - 
    type: text
    text: |
      <div title="Page 1">			<div>				<div>					<div>						<p>Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! We want to thank those who sent us Christmas cards! It is always a joy to receive cards and letters, and we get excited over each and every one. We also want to thank you for the special Christmas offerings sent to our family. Your thoughtfulness means so much.</p>						<h3>Year-in-Review</h3>						<p>As we look back on the past year, it is easy to see how much God has done. It is an honor and blessing to serve Him here, and we are thankful for His faithfulness.</p>						<ul>							<li>								<p>People saved, baptized and discipled - It was a joy to see some of English students put their faith in Christ!</p>							</li>							<li>								<p>One year anniversary of Hua Mak Baptist Church - We are thankful for the time and opportunity that God gave us to minister at this church.</p>							</li>							<li>								<p>Multiple evangelistic English outreaches - Throughout the year we held many different classes. This not only gave us an opportunity to meet new people, but also to teach them from the Bible.</p>							</li>							<li>								<p>3-on-3 Basketball tournament - We had an opportunity to host 20 teams for a tournament at a local university. During the second day of the tournament, we had a former Thai national basketball player come and share his testimony and the gospel with over 120 players, parents, and referees!</p>							</li>							<li>								<p>Another exciting event was being able take a survey trip to Nakorn Pathom. Lord willing, this is where we plan to work when we come back after furlough. We are excited about the many opportunities we will have here when we return!</p>								</li></ul>
      <p>Your Fellow Laborers The Hernandez Family&nbsp;</p>
      <p>On February 1st, we will leave Thailand for our furlough. It will be wonderful to visit family, friends, our home church, supporting churches, and new churches. We are looking forward to seeing many of you!</p></div></div></div></div>
prayer_requests:
  - Traveling mercies as we start our furlough
  - Transitioning back to life in the US
  - New ministry partners
  - Opportunities to serve others during our furlough
title: January 2018
id: 8560d281-cd1d-4356-be33-ff2d4dd6c1ee
